README.md, before:

# Boomerang

A layer-7 proxy for the [Busbud](http://busbud.com) [blog](http://blog.busbud.com) which:

- Serves content from `http://blog.busbud.com` from any host under the `/blog` path
- Removes `<style>` blocks
- Removes `<link rel='stylesheet'>` blocks
- Removes `<script>` blocks

and is backed by

- [Express](http://expressjs.com/) for convenience
- [jsdom](https://github.com/tmpvar/jsdom) for parsing and filtering
- [Request](https://github.com/mikeal/request) for networking

## Usage

Command-line

```
$ npm install "git+ssh://git@github.com/davidcornu/boomerang.git#v0.1.0"
$ PORT=3000 boomerang
```

From node

```
var boomerang = require('boomerang');
var options = { port: 3000 };
boomerang.createServer(options); # returns an instance of Boomerang
```

## Development

Boomerang uses [Jake](https://github.com/mde/jake) to simplify regular tasks.

- `$ jake build` builds [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/) files from the `/src` directory into the `/lib` directory.
- `$ jake test` runs the [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/) test suite.

Commit message:

Add setup section to readme

README.md, after:

# Boomerang

A layer-7 proxy for the [Busbud](http://busbud.com) [blog](http://blog.busbud.com) which:

- Serves content from `http://blog.busbud.com` from any host under the `/blog` path
- Removes `<style>` blocks
- Removes `<link rel='stylesheet'>` blocks
- Removes `<script>` blocks

and is backed by

- [Express](http://expressjs.com/) for convenience
- [jsdom](https://github.com/tmpvar/jsdom) for parsing and filtering
- [Request](https://github.com/mikeal/request) for networking

## Usage

Command-line

```
$ npm install "git+ssh://git@github.com/davidcornu/boomerang.git#v0.1.0"
$ PORT=3000 boomerang
```

From node

```
var boomerang = require('boomerang');
var options = { port: 3000 };
boomerang.createServer(options); # returns an instance of Boomerang
```

## Development

Setup

```
$ npm install -g jake
$ npm install
```

Boomerang uses [Jake](https://github.com/mde/jake) to simplify regular tasks.
Note that although Jake is included in `package.json` for version reference,
it is much more convenient to install it globally.

- `$ jake build` builds [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/) files from the `/src` directory into the `/lib` directory.
- `$ jake test` runs the [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/) test suite.
